Development of ROS, began in the mid 2000s as
projects switch yard in Stanford's Artificial Intelligence laboratory.
In 2007, ROS became a formal entity,
with support from Willow Garage,
a Silicon Valley startup.
Since 2013, the Open Source Robotics Foundation,
has maintained and developed ROS.
One of the primary motivation for developing ROS
was that researchers were constantly reinventing the wheel.
Each new robotics project would build its own software to
implement basic functionality like communication and scheduling.
In addition, because different groups were all working on custom solutions,
it was difficult for them to share code and ideas.
It was also difficult to compare results.
ROS, aims to facilitate the development process by eliminating these problems.
So, who uses ROS?
Lots of people and lots of companies.
There are drones, kinematic arms,
wheeled and even bipedal robots,
using ROS every day.